this is my room at the Pristina Chelsea
bridge it's a four-star hotel just over
Chelsea bridge opposite Battersea Park
it's done in quite a contemporary style
very funky white leather she's long and
you can just see over to Battersea Park
here some water flats and you've got the
London touch here and the poster that's
the window into the bathroom with the
blinds if you want to ever see got air
conditioning and up here there's the tea
and coffee making facilities which the
Wardrobe quite good space in that
undeceive I'm going into the bathroom
where there's a separate shower cubicle
it's got the different fixture head if
you want a big sprinkling British
Bulldog wedding has a hearty Anna
Oh looks like it's well that big about
butts that were designed to be comfy
with this law for your bottom there
yeah better nice bathroom go right to
look at litter in seems nice and quiet
anyway when she traffic at there's not
moving very fast cause of some sort of
road works at the other end of the
bleachers you head north and just see